Well,
could be an acute o.S.A.
I don't have sleep apnea.
How do you know?
'cause my airways
aren't constricted,
Oxygen levels in my blood
haven't dropped,
And I don't snore...
Much.
[ clears throat ]
I just wish
you were sleeping more.
Baby, I slept.
For like three months
I slept.
[ chuckles ]
I'm good till like 2020.
[ siren wailing ]
Thank you.
What about a new bed?
New bed?
Yeah.
We've had that thing forever.
Eh, if it ain't broke,
don't fix it.
[ chuckles ]
so, what do you say?
New bed, fresh start.
Mm...
Could be a good thing.
Woman: ...Pourquoi?
I'm thinking
pillow top --
Hello? Hello?
And queen, not king,
Because
you're basically sleeping...
Regardez-moi! Pourquoi?
Regardez-moi!
Je vous en prie.
Qu'est-ce qui se passe?
Hey, charlie.
Am I bed-shopping
alone here?
[ indistinct conversations ]
Um...
Where'd you go?
Pillow top.
We were talking about
p-pillow top, right?
[ dragonette's "giddy up"
playing ]
¶ I get up a half-empty cup
¶ check my pulse
just to feel the beat ¶
¶ I've got to get goin',
put my trousers on ¶
¶ keep the dead weight
off of my feet ¶
¶ I'm thinkin',
"who can I call on?" ¶
¶ but everyone's all gone off
at the end of the week ¶
¶ I'm feelin'
as sour as a gallagher ¶
¶ for reasons unknown,
should I have stayed home? ¶
¶ no, giddyup
¶ come on, giddyup
Gentlemen.
Joel goran.
How are you?
Doug wilkens.
Nice to meet you.
This is mark forsythe,
ricki's coach.
Hey, man.
How are you?
Your daughter's
a hell of a player, mate.
Yeah.
I've actually only ever seen her
on television,
But she's got
amazing ground speed.
20 winners in yesterday's
third-round match.
I saw that.
Only two unforced errors, right?
Yeah,
and all on a bum knee.
Listen, doctor.
I hear that you're the best.
Well, my daughter deserves
nothing but the best.
Well,
I'm glad you called.
Ohh!
¶ come on, man, giddyup
She tweaked it going for
too much on a key second serve.
I should've taken something
off the first,
Kicked it out wide.
But you didn't.
You pulled out the big gun,
you got yourself into trouble,
And then you tweaked
the damn knee again.
So, these incision scars
you have here --
These are from
previous scopes, right?
Doug: Yeah, she's been having
cartilage scraped
Since the year
she turned pro.
Yeah, I got to be honest
with you --
It feels like
there's more damage.
[ chuckles ]
so what?
Shot of cortizone --
right as rain, right?
Uh, I won't know
the extent of the damage
Unless I get more imaging.
Well, she's playing
in the quarterfinals
This afternoon.
Yeah,
that's not a good idea.
We don't want
to mess with her mechanics
In the middle
of the tour.
Yeah, there's significant
swelling around her patella.
This is the busiest part
of the tour, doctor,
You know,
balancing everybody's schedules.
Do you have any idea
what that's like?
I do, yeah, actually.
Look, um, you called me.
I just want to find out
what's wrong
With your daughter's knee.
Why don't we do this?
Let's get her in
for an mri right away,
Take a couple of pictures,
and just, you know,
See if we can't rule out
any serious damage.
Okay. You get her in,
you get her out,
You take care of this,
and we're forever in your debt.
Good.
Okay.
[ helicopter blades whirring ]
You, uh, covering call
in the o.R. Again?
Beats selling mattresses.
Can I give you
some advice?
Can I stop you?
You need a niche, reid,
if you want to get ahead.
[ telephone rings ]
Case in point --
I'm about to perform
a lap whipple.
Lap whipple.
Impressive.
The most difficult surgery
known to man, right?
My niche.
Good for you,
reycraft.
Think about it.
[ siren wailing ]
Your niche.
I'd hate to see you
get passed over for a staff job.
I'd miss you.
Don't look at me.
I'm just a lowly e.R. Doc.
Performing
lap whipples.
[ laughs ]
[ woman whimpering ]
Somebody, help me!
[ gasping ]
I need a stretcher!
We'll take it from here,
sir.
[ groans ]
penetrating neck trauma --
Knife wound, zone two,
clear platysmal violation.
Where's the trauma bay?
We'll take her in from here.
I have my finger
on her carotid artery.
If I remove it,
she'll bleed out.
[ crying ]
Zach: All right,
here we go, guys, on three.
One, two, three.
Oxygen, 100%.
Get some leads on her!
Yeah, we got it.
Call x-ray.
She'll need
two large-bore I.V.S
I know.
Start the crystalloid.
Run it wide open.
Get me six units,
cross-matched.
She's a.B.-Negative.
I need to get control
of the wound now, doctor...?
Nazir.
Gently. She's my wife.
Yep.
I'll just take a look
at the --
Yup,
that's the carotid.
Alima.
[ speaking arabic ]
Dr. Nazir,
is that your wife's blood?
[ exhales sharply ]
no, it's mine.
Okay, can I get some help
over here? This guy's been cut!
Hey,
don't bother about me.
I-it's minor.
Just take care of alima.
Let's get her to o.R.
This guy's intense.
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ heart monitor beeping ]
what's up?
Come see.
[ exhales sharply ]
Oh. I waited,
but no one came.
The wound's superficial,
so I thought I'd do it myself.
Check out his stitch.
Hey, is that
a mattress stitch?
Where did you learn
how to do that?
This is all my fault.
Some kid
grabbed alima's purse.
I tried to step in
and stop him.
He pulled a knife.
[ exhales sharply ]
What is alima's status?
I repaired her carotid artery.
She's stable.
Is her, uh,
blood work and imaging back?
I was just going
to check.
[ groans ]
good. Let's go.
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ telephone ringing ]
Hi, jay.
Hi, arwen.
Arwen:
Haven't you heard?
Everybody's calling us
"jaywen" now.
Right, jaywen?
That's right, jaywen.
Hey, you two
play your cards right,
Everyone will be calling you
"gaggie" soon.
Yikes.
Blarg.
You said it.
Ugh. Don't you dare.
Come on.
Look.
It's beautiful.
You are beautiful.
You guys are sweet.
I actually came
to listen to your chest, jay.
So, arwen,
big day today.
Yeah.
Are you nervous?
Your lungs sound like
they're improving.
I think
you got this pneumonia beat.
Well, that's one down,
osteosarcoma to go.
Dr. Murphy, dr. Lin,
jaywen.
Arwen: Dr. Hamza.
Let me guess.
You've come to eeg
my posterior cranial fossa.
Actually, yes,
and to c.T. Your neoplasm.
Jay and I
have bets on my tumor.
I say it's shrinking.
And I say it's not.
Well, then, prepare to lose
50 bucks, jaywen.
You mean, get better,
Go back to the soo,
marry a steelworker?
I'd rather stay here
with you.
Wait. I'm sorry. Um, can you
wait till I'm finished?
I'll walk you down.
I'll walk her down. Don't worry.
No, thanks.
Dead woman walking.
Hey, arwen.
How you feeling today?
What are you doing?
Asking you
how you're feeling today.
No.
What are you doing?
Asking you how --
You just lost me.
I hate you!
Oh --
Arwen.
Calm down.
Are you okay?
Okay, so,
this is the mri of your knee.
That is
your cartilage there.
It's fine.
However,
your meniscus --
It's pretty
badly damaged.
What are you saying?
She needs
a meniscus transplant.
What? No.
Hear me out, please.
What I would do is secure
an allograft to the shinbone,
Replacing the meniscus
completely.
That should alleviate
the concentric stresses,
Give you back
the shock absorption
That you've lost
from years of playing.
And look --
I would recommend doing this now
Before
developing arthritis.
Ricki's playing the french
in less than three weeks.
Well,
she wouldn't be able to.
Look -- this recovery,
including your physio --
You're looking at
at least six months.
[ laughs ]
Come on.
Ricki, look,
you're the one
That has to deal with
this pain in your knee.
Hey, if ricki has a pain
in her knee,
We   alhave a pain
in our knee.
Well --
it's up to you, champ.
I have to play
in the open.
If you don't
have this operation soon,
You might not be able
to walk in 10 years.
Hey,
she's made her decision.
Okay, I wish I could tell you
what you want to hear.
It's just --
that's okay.
Someone will.
[ sighs ]
Oh.
For your trouble.
"me and ricki: One father's
journey to tennis superstardom."
You should check out
chapter five.
There's an orthopedic surgeon
makes an appearance.
[ chuckles ]
he's a total hack.
Afternoon.
Sorry if this hurts,
mr. Moodie.
Oh, that's okay.
You're not gonna hurt me.
¶ I feel good
Well, that means
the sedative's working,
And that's good.
By the way,
call me kevin.
Uh, yeah. Kevin,
how did you dislocate your hip?
That's not
an easy thing to do.
Walking our dogs.
We have 12 dogs.
They're rescues.
Shasta takes off.
She's still on leash,
Gets caught between my legs,
flips me on my back --
Boom -- I'm lying
in excruciating pain.
Shasta's
in obedience training.
It's not working out
so well.
Okay, well,
we're going to put you under
And get that hip
back in place.
Now, julie, you can either
wait outside or stay here.
I'll stay.
Okeydokey.
Push of propofol.
[ heart monitor beeping ]
[ indistinct speaking
over p.A. ]
[ exhales sharply ]
is he out?
You got it?
Yep.
Nope.
Put some muscle
into it.
[ bones crack ]
What was that?
Uh...
[ speaking arabic ]
[ voice breaking ]
I'm sorry.
[ speaking arabic ]
[ clears throat ]
What's worrying me
Is that she doesn't
seem to be clotting.
Her coags are off,
her platelets are low,
And her inr is --
is 1.7.
Her wound
is still oozing.
Could be her liver --
portal hypertension?
No, she's suffered
massive blood loss,
Spent all
her clotting factors.
This happens
with trauma patients.
She just needs time.
Dr. Nazir, there are
a couple cops in the e.R.
They just want to talk to you
about the stabbing,
Brought you
some clean clothes.
Thank you.
We'll give you
a few minutes.
[ cellphone vibrating ]
That's
a little unorthodox,
You letting him
treat his own wife,
No matter how awesome
he is.
I was given a lot of leeway
when it came to charlie's care.
I'm just
paying it forward.
[ telephone rings ]
Hi.
Hey.
You paged?
Yeah. Have you looked into
memory foam?
You paged me
to talk beds?
No.
I actually paged you
To watch you
walk through the door.
That never gets old.
[ monitors beeping ]
What's going on
with you?
Listen,
I'm sorry for, um...
Zoning out
on you earlier.
That was not cool.
Truth?
Always.
[ inhales sharply ]
We're not getting married
right now.
We decided that.
No need, right?
Right.
But the bed thing --
I mean [chuckles]
I know it seems ridiculous,
But it's our place,
charlie.
It's important to me.
Okay. I got it.
Okay.
You mad at me?
No.
Are you mad at me?
Okay, then.
Okay.
Better get back.
I'm gonna
watch you walk away.
I have
kevin moodie's scans.
Okay.
What do they tell us?
The bone
looks moth-eaten.
Okay.
That's not enough.
What about
the blood work?
Hemoglobin's 45,
platelet count is 50 --
Both super low --
And his white blood cell count
is a sky-high 200.
Okay, dr. Lin.
What's our next move?
[ sighs ]
we tell him.
I wish this was better news,
kevin,
But, um,
the blood work has confirmed
That you have leukemia.
Which is why
I broke your leg.
Your bones and joints
are very fragile.
You're gonna need
chemotherapy,
Followed by
a bone-marrow transplant.
Now, that's assuming that
we can find the right donor.
Do you have siblings?
Do you have kids?
Our dogs
are our children.
Okay.
We'll put your name
in the registry
And see if we can find
a suitable match.
Um, obviously,
the key going forward
Will be to learn
to stay positive.
[ voice breaking ] well, he's
definitely got a lot of love.
All right.
In the meantime,
I'd like to get you into surgery
and repair that leg.
Black?
Thank you.
The police have her attacker
in custody.
That's good.
Mm. They showed me photos,
and there he was.
Well, that's a relief,
at least.
A fellowship in
hepatopancreatobiliary surgery.
Say that
five times fast.
[ chuckles ]
Is this for you?
I have to find my niche.
I don't understand
this mania for specialization.
Help more people
with more problems?
Don't you have a niche?
I'm a trauma surgeon.
It should be
about the patients,
Not the doctor
or, uh, the gadgets.
That's not
the way it is.
It should be.
[ woman over p.A. ] code white,
room 314, code white.
She's ripping her lines out
and freaking out.
Alima, alima!
[ speaking arabic ]
alima!
She needs sedation.
Let us work.
2 milligrams haloperidol.
Move! Move!
Scratch the haloperidol.
She's seizing.
2 milligrams of lorazepam.
Please --
let me
take care of her!
Just let him go.
Let him go.
Okay. Oxygen, wide open.
Where's my lorazepam?
Alima. Alima.
Alima: [ groaning ]
sharp out!
Give me the syringe.
Steady her shoulder.
I've got this.
I'll do it!
Doctor,
I've got this.
Alima. Alima.
[ breathing heavily ]
[ heart monitor beeping ]
Any evidence of
electrolyte imbalance?
Alex: None.
No reason to believe
she's having an adverse reaction
To the medication
we've been giving her.
She's not epileptic.
Right, and no sign of stroke
or brain injury.
C.T.S are normal?
Yeah.
And the tox screen
was negative for benzos.
Of course.
Wait.
Her alcohol levels
were through the roof.
Alcohol?
Yeah. When they brought her in,
your wife was drunk.
Oh, that's impossible.
And now the alcohol's
leaving her system.
Delirium tremens?
Seizures, aggression.
It fits with the d.T.S.
My wife doesn't drink.
This is absurd.
If she has cirrhosis
from alcoholism,
That would explain
why she's not clotting.
[ coughs ]
she's spitting up blood.
We need
to move forward fast.
We have to find
the source of the bleeding.
Let's get her
into endoscopy.
I'll book a room
for you.
Okay, let's turn her.
One, two, three.
[ gasps ]
Dr. Reid,
I'd like to go with you.
Of course.
We're a team now.
[ telephone rings ]
Hey.
Come on in, man.
I'm hearing rumors
that ricki wilkens
is floating around.
What can I do for you,
charlie?
I reshuffled
my o.R. Block.
I need you
to sign off on it.
"ricki and me," huh?
You doing her surgery?
Nope.
That's a badly damaged
lateral meniscus.
Would you do a transplant
on that knee?
Oh, hell, yeah.
It's the only way.
Recovery's a bitch,
though.
Yeah. It's not the news
that superdad wanted to hear,
So he is taking the famous knee
elsewhere.
That's too bad.
It would have brought
Some profitable attention
to the hospital.
Well, she didn't want
the surgery,
So I had to let her walk.
That happens.
You would've done
the same thing?
No.
I would have made her
want what I want.
The glioma didn't react to
the chemotherapy as we'd hoped.
The tumor remains
4 1/2 centimeters
And is still
impinging on the brain stem.
So,
it's inoperable.
And she knows?
I think
she was expecting bad news.
That explains
why she was so angry earlier.
She was
probably terrified.
Now,
these types of tumors
Often precipitate
radical swings in emotion.
Either way.
[ sighs ]
So, can we begin our session
with you telling me
About hope and silver linings
and glittery unicorns?
I'm sorry that the chemo
didn't shrink the tumor.
Whatever.
Six months, all my hair.
But, hey,
I won 50 bucks.
Silver lining.
Now I want to hear about
the glittery unicorns.
Okay.
Well,
what is a unicorn?
Let's start there.
A horse freak.
Because of the horn?
Yeah.
Horses don't have horns.
I know.
I used to ride them.
Do you feel
like you're a freak?
May as well be.
[ voice breaking ] I'm 16
And I have this stupid tumor
the size of a plum
And it's gonna kill me,
like, soon.
And I broke up
with my boyfriend.
Yeah,
maybe let's talk about that.
Why did you break up
with jay?
Okay, no infection.
Looks good.
Hey, dr. Lin, have you heard
anything about arwen?
I'm sorry.
I can't discuss a patient's care
with someone who isn't family.
Got to be family, huh?
Why don't you
ask her yourself?
She's not gonna
talk to me again.
Why is that?
[ sighs ]
it was a deal-breaker.
See, we have these things,
these deal-breakers,
And I knew that was hers.
And we made this pact.
I wasn't supposed to ask her
how she was feeling.
So, why did you, then?
I don't know.
Maybe you wanted her
to break up with you?
I don't know.
What's your deal-breaker?
Well,
I've got doctors poking
And, you know,
pushing at me all day, so...
[ chuckles ]
I'm like
their personal pincushion.
No offense.
So, I don't know.
I don't --
I don't like being touched.
[ breathes deeply ]
So,
arwen never touches you?
No.
That's my thing.
Gail, no.
No, I'm -- I'm gonna be okay.
Just stay put.
No.
Don't pack everyone up.
Okay, sir --
phone, please.
Gail,
I'm gonna be fine.
Just please don't cry.
Victor?
Please don't cry.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's time
to say goodbye.
I got to go, honey.
Bye. I love you.
Children:
Bye! We love you!
[ sighs ]
I thought
you didn't have kids?
Oh, I-I-I don't.
That's, uh --
they're julia's sister's.
[ monitors beeping ]
Okay, we've achieved
good fixation.
[ exhales sharply ]
Bone-cement gun.
We don't have a lot of time.
The cement's starting to set.
Yep. We'll fill in the defect,
and then we'll close.
[ gun clicking ]
[ monitor beeping erratically ]
What did you do?
His sats are dropping.
Cement must have
pressurized the canal.
Could be a fat embolism.
I don't know,
but he's going into v-fib.
Call in the code.
Get him closed up.
We need to shock him.
Get the pads on him.
[ woman over p.A. ]
code blue, o.R. 1.
Code blue, o.R. 1.
What...
Oh, crap.
What the hell?
That's not good.
Dr. Harris,
are we closing?
Yeah.
[ defibrillator humming ]
Clear.
[ monitor emits tone ]
Using a six-shooter
sucks the varices in,
Wraps an elastic around them,
stops the bleeding.
[ air hissing ]
Hmm.
Doesn't seem to be stopping.
There's a lot of blood.
Yeah.
We may need
to try something else.
What are you thinking?
Another, uh, gadget?
A better gadget --
called t.I.P.S.
We don't have time
for t.I.P.S.
Her liver isn't working.
We need to open her up,
do a warren shunt.
A warren shunt?
That's one of the most
invasive surgeries there is.
And an incision that big?
She's lost too much blood.
She won't survive a big surgery.
All due respect,
before coming here, in syria,
I was performing surgery
in a cave, under fire.
You want a niche?
Blood is my niche.
So, trust me.
Do the warren shunt.
You need
to trust me here.
If we don't do this,
she's not going to survive.
Okay.
If we did
a warren shunt --
[ knock on door ]
Reid, can you just step outside
here for a minute, please?
[ indistinct speaking
over p.A. ]
There was an airport limo
double-parked earlier,
Blocking
the ambulance bay.
Okay.
So, they find blood
on the seat.
I guess
he was driving with one hand,
Compressing her neck
with the other.
It's unbelievable.
He's not a doctor.
He's a limo driver.
You lied to me.
You're not a doctor.
Of course I'm a doctor.
Really?
Airport limo
says otherwise.
Dr. Reid --
you treated a patient.
You put all of us --
this hospital, me --
In serious jeopardy.
Just because
this country
Doesn't accept
my accreditation doesn't mean --
You tried to talk me into
doing a massive surgery!
Do you even understand
the liability?
Liability?!
She's my wife!
And if she wasn't
your wife,
I would kick you out on your ass
right now!
Prep her for t.I.P.S.
[ door opens ]
Why won't you
listen to me?
I  didlisten.
Oh, right,
now that I'm just a chauffeur.
This is my decision
as her doctor.
Please. I brought her here
to save her life.
Take mrs. Nazir
to o.R. 2.
I'll be right there.
You...
You can watch
from the gallery.
[ heart monitor beeping ]
Uh,
how long till I wake up?
Don't know, kev,
but a fat embolism
Is a lot less serious
than a blood clot, so...
Well, that machine over there
is breathing for you,
But the embolism
will pass.
You will wake up.
When?
You see, it's really important
that I wake up now.
Oh, no.
This isn't happening.
What?
Okay, here's what
you're gonna do.
Julia's home
getting clothes.
When she comes back,
if you head her off,
Then she won't see
gail and the girls.
Gail is...
My wife.
My other wife.
You've got two wives?
Yeah.
[  chuckles nervously]
Those are my girls --
Kelly and sassy.
So, your wife julia
doesn't know about the --
No, none of it.
Well, this is
quite a situation, kevin.
I-I met gail,
and, well, we started a family.
And I was really happy
and then, uh...
Well, I met julia
and I was really happy, too.
I don't know.
It just kind of happened.
[ chuckles ]
Okay, well, bigamy aside,
um, you're sick.
And you need
a bone-marrow transplant
If you're gonna have a real shot
of surviving this.
And the best shot you're gonna
have of finding a match
Is gonna be
with one of your daughters.
So, I'm thinking...
Maybe time to come clean
with all of this.
So...
A chauffeur
posing as a surgeon.
What is this,
"the bourne identity"?
Am I in trouble?
No, of course not.
Come on.
He snowed everyone.
The thing is, is he kind of
inspired me, you know?
And it felt good.
I guess
I'm just disappointed.
[ pager beeps, vibrates ]
so, stay inspired.
Looks good on you.
My father talked
to other orthopods.
All of them said I'd be able
to play without the surgery.
Okay.
I think they're wrong,
but glad that you guys
Have found someone
you think you can work with.
Well,
that's the thing.
You're the only surgeon
who looked me in the eye
And talked to me --
not my father, not my coach --
Me.
Does your father know
that you're here?
[ chuckles ]
thinks I'm getting a bikini wax.
Look, I know how much pain
your knee must be in right now.
"suck it up."
That's what I've been told
my whole life.
Look,
he's not a monster.
I'm not saying that he is,
but, ricki, you know,
Overbearing fathers
are kind of a dime a dozen.
[ sighs ]
Tennis is all I know.
Well,
knees are kind of my thing,
And I am telling you right now
you need that surgery.
Well, an average bikini wax
lasts about 10 minutes.
So...Convince me.
All set?
All set.
Dr. Reid,
can you take a look at this?
Yeah.
[ monitor beeping ]
[ sighs ]
this is not good.
Dr. Ray:
Not good, no.
She's hypotensive.
And she's not
making urine.
Doesn't matter
how much blood we give her.
Victor: Let's move, then.
Uh, guide wire?
No. No guide wire.
Get rid of the fluoroscope.
Let's go.
Change of plans.
I'm going to be doing
a warren shunt.
Get me a major vascular tray
and a thompson retractor.
And page reycraft.
We're gonna need hands.
This incision's gonna be
big and wide.
[ woman over p.A. ]
dr. Reycraft, o.R. 2, stat.
Dr. Reycraft, o.R. 2, stat.
I've mobilized
the retroperitoneum.
I'll tie off the veins draining
the stomach and pancreas.
She's still
bleeding a lot.
Then let's motor.
Pick-ups?
Have you isolated the splenic
and portal vein?
Pretty sure.
It's impossible to see
with all this blood.
I can't even see
the left renal vein.
Well, we need
to anastomose the splenic
To the left renal vein,
so let's find it.
Gemini.
[ heart monitor beeping ]
Dr. Ray: Her heart rate's up.
Pressure dropping.
I'm trying to find it,
but I just can't --
I'm not gonna be able to handle
the blood loss at this rate.
Whatever you're doing,
do it quick, before she crashes.
Reycraft, can you see it?
No. It's a bloodbath.
Damn it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you out of your mind?
Do you want her to die?
Because I don't.
Lady, you are steely,
and I like it.
Still nothing, huh?
No, I can't see anything.
You can't find the renal vein,
can you?
Nope,
but you're gonna help us.
Talk me through
the warren shunt.
I'm with you.
Thank you.
[ indistinct conversations ]
[ strings tuning ]
What's going on today?
Flash mob?
It's a special day
at hope zion.
Okay. Where are you taking me,
exactly?
Seat, monsieur?
[ chuckles ]
um, n-no, thank you.
Oh, come on, jay.
Humor me.
Come on.
There you go.
You did this?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Actually, I don't -- okay.
Dr. Murphy, no.
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
No. I am serious.
I am gonna
tip this wheelchair over
If you don't take me out.
No. Bring me back to the room.
Maggie: It's gonna be fine.
Arwen, just give him one minute.
One.
You're fired,
and I want a new shrink.
So, this was your idea?
No. No, no, no. No, this --
this is -- this is them.
Enjoy.
[ carly rae jepsen's
"call me maybe" plays ]
Nice table.
Nice string quartet.
I think
this is gonna go well.
[ sighs ]
Could go either way.
Yeah.
[ "call me maybe" continues ]
[ monitors beeping ]
Enjoy.
Joel: Excuse me.
What do you think
you're doing here?
I'm observing the surgery,
of course.
I don't think so, no.
I filled out
all the requisite forms,
So, yes, I am.
I don't
perform to a crowd.
I can't believe you went
behind my back for all this.
Hey.
You can save your chat
for later.
Look,
I just want to make sure
That my little knee
gets through this okay.
Look, it's not really
your little knee, is it, mate?
[ chuckles ]
it's ricki's little knee.
It's never
just about ricki.
Actually,
right now it is.
What you don't understand
is that she is an industry.
What she is,
is in pain,
A lot more pain than
she's been telling you about.
I'm about to fix that.
Okay.
I'm just gonna stand
right over here --
Get the hell
out of my o.R.
If I knew it was that easy
to tell off my dad...
Actually,
it wasn't that easy,
But I'll tell you...
Strangely satisfying.
[ sighs ]
Hi, kevin.
[ groans ]
Dr. Harris.
What happened?
Am I okay?
Um, you suffered
what's called a fat embolism
During your surgery.
You've been unconscious
for a couple hours.
What's the last thing
you remember?
[ sighs ]
I was on the phone.
And nothing after that?
No. No.
I woke up,
and here we are.
[ chuckles ]
okay.
Well, um, it's time
to talk to your wives, kevin.
One of your daughters
could be a bone-marrow match,
And we can start your treatments
right away.
Daughters? Sorry.
I know your secret,
kevin.
There are
two women out there
And two adorable little girls
who call you daddy.
They all want you
to live.
How did you --
I just --
I know, okay?
Now, either you tell them,
or I will.
Your secrets
are your business, kevin,
But keeping you alive
is mine.
[ monitors beeping ]
I'm not ready.
Well,
you better get ready
'cause it's
truth-telling time.
[ monitors beeping ]
Okay.
Okay,
finished dissecting.
You're going to
suture the shunt now.
How's your suturing?
Excellent when I can see
what I'm doing.
7-0 double-armed prolene.
Okay. Run the back wall
of the anast first,
Toe to heel,
outside in on the renal vein.
You can leave no room
for error.
And you won't be able
to open her back up
After all the blood
she's lost.
I know.
I need quiet.
[ monitors beeping ]
[ beeping continues ]
Let's unclamp.
Wait.
Wait for what?
There's no time
to wait.
Sometimes you need to go slow
to go fast.
But we need to unclamp
to get the blood flow back.
Slowly.
You need to pinch the vein
so the redirection of flow
Does not overwhelm
the anastomosis.
Okay.
Pinch the vein.
Now what?
You've created
a delicate connection.
You don't want
to tear that connection apart.
No. I really don't.
Now let go carefully.
Let's unclamp.
[ monitors beeping ]
Letting go.
We've got flow back.
Are you sure?
I'm -- I'm sure.
Any leaks?
No.
No, it looks good.
Dr. Ray: Her heart rate's
coming down.
Pressure improving.
You did it.
[ exhales deeply ]
[ sighs ]
[ indistinct speaking over p.A ]
I bet there are only
a handful of surgeons
In this entire country who could
have done what you just did.
[ sighs ]
Well,
you're a great teacher...
And a hell of doctor.
[ chuckles ]
"was."
[ sighs ]
Our son died.
I was working
in a field hospital.
Alima couldn't
get to me.
She had to live with that alone
for days.
When she finally did
get to me...
I just kept working.
Then the government
started killing doctors
And their families,
so we ran.
[ sighs ]
I should have seen the signs
with alima.
I-I am a doctor.
I-I should have helped her.
Being a doctor
has nothing to do with it.
You're right.
I need to stop
being her doctor.
Now she needs a husband.
You don't need to do this
to yourself.
I'm okay.
[ voice breaking ]
no, really, really.
I'm okay.
[ heart monitor beeping ]
Do you feel that?
Yep.
Okay.
Nerves are reacting well.
Pulse is very strong.
It's good.
I've never taken six months off
in my life,
Not since I was 6.
[ chuckles ]
Well, that could be
a blessing in disguise.
You bet it is.
Once I'm up
and moving again,
I'm gonna
go on a huge trip.
[ chuckles ]
I've been
to hundreds of countries,
But I've only seen
their tennis facilities.
Is your father
gonna come with you?
He's not talking to me.
But that's a good thing...
For now.
Okay.
Hey, uh, dr. Goran,
can you pass my bag?
Sure.
Pick a number
between 1 and 10.
Pick a number for --
Just any number
between 1 and 10.
3.
Okay. 3.
[ indistinct speaking
over p.A. ]
For the hospital.
I probably should have said
a higher number.
[ chuckles ]
slap my name on something.
A wing.
[ telephone ringing ]
Jay?
Oh,
she didn't forgive you?
[ chuckles ]
Psych.
It's hers.
Wow, dude,
she put a ring on it.
So, you're back together?
We're gonna get married.
Well, when our parents
sign the releases.
We're gonna be family.
I'm just really very pleased
for you both.
[ sighs ]
Why waste time, right?
Definitely.
Joel.
Alex.
Hey.
Trauma.
What are you
talking about?
Well, that's gonna be my niche,
if you can set it up.
Okay. Trauma.
No. There's better choices
you can make
If you want
to get noticed.
I-I don't care about
being noticed anymore, okay?
I just --
I want to do it all.
So, trauma team leader
position?
Okay, well,
I'll see what I can do.
See what you can do?
Mm-hmm.
You're the chief.
Yeah, I guess I am the chief,
aren't I?
Looks good on you.
Charlie: But the good news
is your daughter sassy
And we can do
a bone-marrow transplant.
I couldn't say no.
You are the father
to my children.
Thank you.
Kevin has a good chance
of getting through this,
But, um, he's gonna need
a lot of support.
[ sighs ]
I can be here on weekdays,
I guess.
Thank you.
But I want a divorce.
And I'm keeping the dogs because
I hate you and so do they.
[ monitors beeping ]
[ sighs ]
[ andrew austin's
"sending out a message" plays ]
Hey, arwen?
Yes?
¶ I close my eyes
¶ I can feel this place
is a frozen tundra ¶
How you feeling today?
¶ under my feet
[ voice breaking ]
scared.
¶ something
grabs ahold of my hand ¶
¶ leads me like holy water
back to the street ¶
¶ I'm sending out a message,
love ¶
¶ it landed at your feet
¶ I'm sending out a message,
love ¶
¶ a seed
¶ will your heart
send it back? ¶
I booked a van.
You love me.
I love you.
¶ ooh, ooh, ooh
that is true.
¶ I'm amazed by the sound...
I didn't feel ready to bring
all my stuff to your place,
Mesh your books with mine,
but --
¶ I'm amazed by the crowd
you're not sure about me?
I am. I am.
I'm sure about you.
I'm just...
Not always so sure about me.
¶ watch the temperature soar
I am.
I'm sure about you.
¶ love me back
Why waste time?
[ moans ]
See?
New mattress.
New moves.
Happy times.
[ sighs ]
I think you're right.
I think
we needed this bed.
Think you're gonna
sleep better now?
Mm.
¶ something
grabs ahold of my hand ¶
I want to tell you
something.
Okay.
¶ back to the street
Truth?
Always.
¶ I'm sending out a message,
love ¶
I'm gonna sleep so good
after that
On my new
hypoallergenic...
[ scoffs ]
Okay, you know what?
Your face was so serious.
I thought you had bad news.
You're a brat.
Mm.
You brat.
Nope.
[ exhales sharply ]
¶ I'm sending out a message,
love ¶
Sweet dreams.
Good night.
¶ if your heart sends it back